W-18940999-merge-MS2025-06-ACB-to-latest-mk (#474)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-configure-components.adoc

To disable a component:

. Right-click a component in the canvas.
. Select *Disable Component*.

Disabled components appear with a dashed outline and a disabled icon. In the XML editor, the component is wrapped in an XML comment (<!-- ... -->), preserving the code but preventing it from executing.
Disabled components appear greyed out in the canvas and are ignored at runtime.

=== Re-enable a Disabled Component

To restore a component:
. Right-click the disabled component.
. Select *Enable Component*.

This also removes the comment from the XML view.

If you previously set a breakpoint on a component and then disable it, the breakpoint remains associated with the component but is inactive. +
You can't add new breakpoints to a disabled component until it's re-enabled.

== Navigate to referenced flows

If a component references another flow (for example, via a Flow Reference connector), you can quickly access the target flow in the canvas. To navigate to the referenced flow:

. Right-click the connector.
. Select *Go to Flow*.

> Anypoint Code Builder will open the target flow either in the application canvas or the MUnit canvas, depending on the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder opens the target flow either in the application canvas or the MUnit canvas, depending on the context.
```
